0000.png : The image shows a baseball player standing on top of a field next to a crowd of people. The player is wearing a blue t-shirt and a cap, and is holding a camera in his hands. In the background, there are a number of people standing and a few people sitting on chairs, as well as boards with words written on them. It appears that the player has just hit a home run.
0001.png : The image shows a baseball player standing on top of a field next to a crowd of people, some of whom are holding cameras. In the background, there are boards with text, and at the bottom of the image there is text and numbers. The player appears to be throwing out the first pitch.
0002.png : The image shows a baseball player standing on top of a field next to a crowd of people, some of whom are holding cameras. In the background, there are boards with text, and at the bottom of the image there is text and numbers. The player appears to be throwing out the first pitch.
0003.png : The image shows a woman in a blue dress standing on top of a baseball field, holding a ball in her hand. To her left, a man in a squat position is holding a camera, and in the background there are a number of people standing and a few people sitting on chairs. On the top right corner of the image, there is a watermark.
0004.png : The image shows a little girl standing on top of a baseball field, holding a baseball bat in her hand. She is wearing a blue dress and a cap, and is surrounded by a group of people standing and sitting in the background. On the left side of the image, a man is standing and holding a camera, capturing the moment.
0005.png : The image shows a little girl standing on top of a baseball field, wearing a blue dress and a cap. To her left, a person is standing and holding a camera, while in the background there are a number of people standing and a few people sitting on chairs. On the top right corner of the image, there is a watermark.
0006.png : The image shows a baseball player standing on top of a field, wearing a blue t-shirt and a blue cap. To the left of the player is a person holding a camera, and in the background there are a number of people standing and a few people sitting on the ground. On the top right corner of the image, there is a watermark.
0007.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, a professional baseball player, pitching a ball on top of a field. She is wearing a blue dress and a cap, and is surrounded by a group of people standing and sitting in the background. On the left side of the image, a person is standing and holding a camera, capturing the moment.
0008.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, a baseball player, pitching a ball on top of a field. She is wearing a blue dress and a cap, and is in a squat position on the ground. To her left, a man is standing and holding a camera, and in the background there are many people standing and watching the game.
0009.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, a baseball player, pitching a ball on top of a field. She is wearing a blue dress and a cap, and is holding a ball in her hand. To her left, a man is standing and holding a camera, and to her right, another person is in a squat position. In the background, there are a number of people standing and a few people sitting, as well as boards with words written on them.
0010.png : The image shows a baseball game being played on a TV screen, with a few people standing and a few sitting in the background. The person in the foreground is wearing a blue t-shirt and a cap, and is holding a camera in their hands. It appears to be the first pitch of the game, as indicated by the text at the bottom of the screen.
0011.png : The image shows a baseball player standing on top of a field next to a crowd of people. The player is wearing a blue t-shirt, white pants, and a blue cap, and is holding a camera in his hand. In the background, there are several people standing and sitting in the stands, watching the game. At the bottom of the image, there is some text which reads "Carly Rae Jepsen - First Pitch".
0012.png : The image shows a baseball player, Carly Rae Jepsen, pitching a ball on top of a field. He is wearing a blue t-shirt, white pants, and a blue cap, and is holding a glove in his hand. In the background, there are several people standing and sitting in the stands, watching the game.
0013.png : The image shows a baseball player, Carly Rae Jepsen, pitching a ball on top of a field. He is wearing a blue t-shirt, white pants, and a blue cap, and is holding a bat in his hand. In the background, there are several people standing and sitting in the stands, watching the game.
0014.png : The image shows a baseball player throwing a ball on top of a field, with a group of people standing in the background. The player is wearing a blue and white uniform, and the field is covered in lush green grass.
0015.png : The image shows a group of people standing on the ground, with a person holding a camera on the left side. In the center of the image, a young boy is standing on top of a baseball field, ready to pitch the ball.
0016.png : The image shows a baseball game being played on a TV screen, with a group of people standing on the ground and some people sitting on chairs in the background. At the bottom of the image, there is text that reads "Carly Rae Jepsen - First Pitch".
0017.png : The image shows a baseball game being played on a TV screen, with a group of people standing on the ground and a few people holding cameras in their hands. In the background, there are a few more people standing and watching the game, and at the bottom of the image there is some text which reads "Carly Rae Jepsen - First Pitch".
0018.png : The image shows a baseball player standing on top of a field next to a crowd of people, some of whom are holding cameras. The player is wearing a cap and there is a ball on the ground. At the bottom of the image, there is text that reads "Carly Rae Jepsen First Pitch".
0019.png : The image shows a baseball game being played on a TV screen, with a group of people standing on the ground and a few people holding cameras in their hands. In the background, there are a few more people standing, and at the bottom of the image there is some text which reads "Carly Rae Jepsen - First Pitch".
0020.png : The image shows a group of people standing on the ground, some of them holding cameras, with a young boy throwing a baseball on top of a field. In the background, there are people sitting on chairs and some standing, and at the bottom of the image there is text that reads "Carly Rae Jepsen - First Pitch".
0021.png : The image shows a group of people standing on the ground, with a few people sitting on chairs in the background. At the bottom of the image, there is text that reads "Carly Rae Jepsen - First Pitch".
0022.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, wearing a blue t-shirt and cap, standing on a grassy field and throwing a first pitch.
0023.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, wearing a blue t-shirt and cap, standing on a grassy field and throwing a first pitch.
0024.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, wearing a blue t-shirt and cap, standing on a grassy field and holding a baseball in her hand, ready to throw the first pitch.
0025.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, wearing a blue t-shirt and cap, standing on a grassy field and holding a baseball bat in her hand. At the bottom of the image, there is some text.
0026.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, wearing a blue t-shirt and a cap, standing on a grassy field and pitching a ball.
0027.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, wearing a blue t-shirt and cap, pitching a ball on top of a grassy field. At the bottom of the image, there is some text.
0028.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, wearing a blue t-shirt and a blue cap, standing on a grassy field and throwing a first pitch.
0029.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, wearing a blue t-shirt and a cap, pitching a ball on top of a grassy field. At the bottom of the image, there is some text.
0030.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, wearing a blue t-shirt and a cap, standing on a grassy field and throwing a baseball. At the bottom of the image, there is some text.
0031.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, wearing a blue t-shirt and a cap, standing on a grassy field and throwing a baseball. At the bottom of the image, there is some text.
0032.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, wearing a blue t-shirt and cap, standing on a grassy field and throwing a baseball. At the bottom of the image, there is some text.
0033.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, wearing a cap and throwing a ball on top of a baseball field. The text at the bottom of the image reads "Carly Rae Jepsen - First Pitch".
0034.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, a baseball player, wearing a cap and throwing a ball on top of a grassy field. At the bottom of the image, there is text that reads "Carly Rae Jepsen - First Pitch".
0035.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, wearing a blue t-shirt and cap, standing on a grassy field and throwing a baseball. At the bottom of the image, there is text that reads "Carly Rae Jepsen - First Pitch".
0036.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, wearing a blue t-shirt and cap, throwing a ball on top of a grassy field. At the bottom of the image, there is some text.
0037.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, wearing a blue t-shirt and cap, throwing a baseball on top of a grassy field.
0038.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, wearing a cap and throwing a baseball on top of a grassy field. The text at the bottom of the image reads "Carly Rae Jepsen - First Pitch".
0039.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, a professional baseball player, pitching a ball on top of a grassy field. She is wearing a blue t-shirt and a cap, and there is text at the bottom of the image.
0040.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, a professional baseball player, pitching a ball on top of a grassy field. She is wearing a blue t-shirt and a cap, and there is text at the bottom of the image.
0041.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, a professional baseball player, pitching a ball on top of a grassy field. She is wearing a blue t-shirt and a cap, and there is text at the bottom of the image.
0042.png : The image shows Carly Rae Jepsen, a professional baseball player, pitching a ball on top of a field. She is wearing a blue t-shirt and a cap, and there is text at the bottom of the image.
0043.png : The image shows a baseball player, Carly Rae Jepsen, pitching a ball on top of a field. He is wearing a blue t-shirt and white pants, and is standing on the right side of the image. At the bottom of the screen, there is some text.
0044.png : The image shows a baseball game being played on a TV screen, with two players on the field and text at the bottom. The players appear to be in the middle of a game, with one of them pitching a ball.
0045.png : The image shows a baseball game being played on a TV screen, with a few people on the field and a few vehicles in the background. At the bottom of the image, there is text that reads "Carly Rae Jepsen - First Pitch".
0046.png : The image shows a baseball game being played on a TV screen, with a few people on the field and text at the bottom. The text reads "Carly Rae Jepsen - First Pitch".
0047.png : The image shows a baseball game being played on a TV screen, with a few people on the ground and one person holding a camera. At the bottom of the image, there is text that reads "Carly Rae Jepsen - First Pitch".
0048.png : The image shows a woman in a blue shirt and shorts running on a baseball field, with a group of people sitting on chairs in the background and a few people standing. There is also a person sitting on a bench in the foreground.
0049.png : The image shows a woman wearing a cap and throwing a baseball on top of a field. In the background, there are many people sitting on chairs and some standing, as well as boards with text. At the bottom of the image, there is text and numbers, suggesting that this is a video of a woman throwing the ball.
0050.png : The image shows a woman wearing a cap and throwing a baseball on top of a field. In the background, there are people sitting on chairs and some standing, as well as railings and boards with text. At the bottom of the image, there is text and numbers, suggesting that this is a photo of a softball player.
0051.png : The image shows a woman in a blue shirt and gray shorts throwing a baseball on a field surrounded by a group of people sitting on chairs and a few standing, with a banner in the background.
0052.png : The image shows a woman in a blue dress throwing a baseball on top of a field, with a group of people sitting on chairs in the background and a few people standing. There is also a person sitting on a bench in the foreground.
0053.png : The image shows a woman in a blue shirt and hat throwing a baseball on a field surrounded by a group of people sitting on chairs and some standing, with a banner in the background.
0054.png : The image shows a woman in a blue shirt and shorts standing on a baseball field, throwing a ball. In the background, there are a number of people sitting on chairs and a few standing, as well as a board with something written on it. On the top right corner of the image, there is a watermark.
0055.png : The image shows a woman standing on top of a baseball field, wearing a blue dress and a cap. In the background, there are a number of people sitting on chairs and a few standing, as well as a board with something written on it. On the top right corner of the image, there is a watermark.
0056.png : The image shows a woman standing on top of a baseball field, wearing a cap and holding something in her hand. Behind her is a board with something written on it, and there are many people sitting on chairs in the background. On the right side of the image, there is a watermark.
0057.png : The image shows a woman standing on top of a baseball field, wearing a cap and surrounded by a group of people sitting on chairs and some standing. There is a banner with text on it in the background, and the ground is covered in grass.
0058.png : The image shows a woman standing on top of a baseball field, wearing a blue t-shirt and shorts, with a cap on her head. In the background, there are a number of people sitting on chairs and a few standing, as well as a board with something written on it. On the bottom side of the image, there is a watermark.
0059.png : The image shows a woman standing on top of a baseball field, wearing a blue t-shirt and shorts. In the background, there are a number of people sitting on chairs and a few standing, as well as a few boards with something written on them. On the top right corner of the image, there is a watermark.
0060.png : The image shows a woman standing on top of a baseball field, wearing a blue t-shirt and shorts. Behind her, there are a number of people sitting on chairs and a few standing, and in the background there is a board with something written on it. On the top right corner of the image, there is something written.
0061.png : The image shows a woman standing on top of a baseball field, wearing a blue t-shirt and shorts, with a big smile on her face. In the background, there are a number of people sitting on chairs and a few standing, as well as a board with something written on it.
0062.png : The image shows a woman standing on top of a baseball field, wearing a cap and surrounded by a group of people sitting on chairs and some standing. There is a banner with text on it in the background, and the ground is covered in grass. At the bottom of the image, there is text that reads "Brewers vs Diamondbacks".
0063.png : The image shows a woman in a blue shirt and shorts standing on top of a baseball field, surrounded by a group of people sitting on chairs and a few standing. There is a banner in the background and some text at the bottom of the image.
0064.png : The image shows a woman standing on top of a baseball field, wearing a blue t-shirt, shorts, and a cap. In the background, there are a number of people sitting on chairs and a few standing, as well as a board with something written on it. On the top right corner of the image, there is a watermark.
0065.png : The image shows a woman standing on top of a baseball field, wearing a blue t-shirt and shorts, with a cap on her head. In the background, there are a number of people sitting on chairs and a few standing, as well as a board with something written on it. On the top right corner of the image, there is a watermark.
0066.png : The image shows a woman standing on top of a baseball field, wearing a blue t-shirt and shorts, with a cap on her head. In the background, there are a number of people sitting on chairs and a few standing, as well as a board with something written on it. On the top right corner of the image, there is a watermark.
0067.png : The image shows a woman standing on top of a baseball field, wearing a blue t-shirt and shorts, with her arms outstretched in the air. In the background, there are a number of people sitting on chairs and a few standing, as well as a board with something written on it. On the bottom side of the image, there is a watermark.
0068.png : The image shows a woman in a blue shirt and shorts standing on top of a baseball field, waving to the crowd. She is wearing a cap and is surrounded by a group of people sitting on chairs and a few standing, with a board in the background. At the bottom of the image, there is some text and numbers.
0069.png : The image shows a woman in a blue shirt and shorts standing on top of a baseball field, surrounded by a group of people sitting on chairs and a few standing. There is a board with some text on it in the background, and a watermark on the right side of the image.
0070.png : The image shows a baseball player standing on top of a field next to a crowd of people, some of whom are holding cameras. In the background, there are boards with text, and the player is wearing a cap and holding a glove, suggesting that they are playing a game of baseball.
0071.png : The image shows a little girl standing on top of a baseball field, wearing a cap and holding a ball in her hand. On the left side of the image, there is a person standing and holding an object in his hand, while in the background there are a few people standing and some people sitting on chairs, some of them holding cameras in their hands. There are also boards with text on them, and the girl appears to be throwing the ball to the batter.
0072.png : The image shows a woman in a blue dress standing on top of a baseball field, holding a ball in her hand. To her left, a man in a squat position is holding a camera, and in the background there are a number of people standing and a few people sitting on chairs. On the top right corner of the image, there is a watermark.
0073.png : The image shows a little girl standing on top of a baseball field, wearing a blue dress and a cap, throwing a ball. To her left, a man in a squat position is holding a camera, and in the background there are a number of people standing and a few boards with something written on them.
0074.png : The image shows a woman wearing a cap and swinging a baseball bat on top of a field. In the background, there are people standing and some of them are holding cameras, and there are boards with text. At the bottom of the image, there is text that reads "Whitecaps vs Rays".
0075.png : The image shows a woman wearing a blue dress and a blue cap, throwing a baseball on top of a field. In the background, there is a person in a squat position wearing a cap and holding a camera, as well as a number of people standing and sitting in the stadium. On the bottom side of the image, there are words and numbers written, likely indicating that this is a game of baseball.
0076.png : The image shows a woman in a blue dress throwing a baseball on top of a field, with a man in a squat position on the ground holding a camera in his hand. In the background, there are a number of people standing and a few people sitting, as well as a few boards with words written on them. The woman appears to be in the middle of a throw, with her arms outstretched and her head tilted back, as if she is about to throw the ball.
0077.png : The image shows a woman in a blue dress throwing a baseball on top of a field, with a man in a squat position holding a camera in his hand on the left side. In the background, there are a number of people standing and a few people sitting on chairs, watching the game.
0078.png : The image shows a baseball player throwing a ball on top of a field, with two people standing on the ground in the foreground. In the background, there are a number of people standing and a few people sitting, and on the right side of the image there is a board with something written on it.
0079.png : The image shows a baseball player standing on top of a field next to a crowd of people. The player is wearing a blue t-shirt and white pants, and is holding a ball in his hand. To the left of the player is a person holding a camera, and in the background there are a number of people standing and a few people sitting. On the bottom side of the image, there is something written.
0080.png : The image shows a baseball player wearing a blue t-shirt, white pants, and a blue cap standing on top of a field next to a little girl wearing a white dress. In the background, there are a number of people standing and a few people sitting, as well as a few boards with something written on them.
0081.png : The image shows a baseball player throwing a ball on top of a field, surrounded by a group of people standing and sitting in the background. The player is wearing a blue and white uniform, and the field is covered in lush green grass.
0082.png : The image shows a little girl standing on top of a baseball field, wearing a blue dress and a blue cap. Behind her, a man is standing and holding a camera in his hand, while a group of people are standing and watching the game. In the background, there are boards attached to the wall.
0083.png : The image shows a group of people standing on top of a baseball field, with some of them holding cameras. In the background, there are boards with text, and the focus of the image is on a baseball player, who appears to be throwing the ball.
0084.png : The image shows a group of people standing on top of a baseball field, with some of them holding cameras. In the background, there are boards with text, and the focus of the image is on a woman who is throwing a baseball.
0085.png : The image shows a baseball player standing on top of a field next to a crowd of people, some of whom are holding cameras. In the background, there are boards with text, and the player appears to be throwing out the first pitch.
0086.png : The image shows a baseball player standing on top of a field next to a crowd of people, some of whom are holding cameras. The player is wearing a cap and there is a ball on the ground. In the background, there are railings and boards with text, suggesting that the image is from a baseball game.
0087.png : The image shows a baseball player standing on top of a field next to a crowd of people, some of whom are holding cameras. In the background, there are boards with text, likely indicating that this is a game between the Tampa Bay Rays and the San Diego Padres.
0088.png : The image shows a group of people standing on top of a baseball field, with some of them holding cameras. In the background, there are boards with text, and the ground is covered in grass. At the bottom of the image, there is text that reads "Silver Stars vs Sun".
0089.png : The image shows a little girl standing on top of a baseball field, wearing a blue t-shirt and a cap, throwing a ball towards the camera. Behind her, a group of people are standing and watching the game, some of them holding cameras in their hands.
0090.png : The image shows a woman standing on top of a baseball field next to a crowd of people. She is wearing a blue dress and a cap, and is holding a camera in her hand. In the background, there are a number of people standing and a few people sitting, as well as a few boards with something written on them. It appears that the woman has just hit a home run.
0091.png : The image shows a woman standing on top of a baseball field next to a crowd of people. She is wearing a blue dress and a cap, and is holding a camera in her hand. In the background, there are a number of people standing and a few people sitting on chairs, as well as boards with words written on them. It appears that the woman is throwing out the first pitch.
0092.png : The image shows a little girl standing on top of a baseball field, wearing a blue dress and a cap. She is throwing a ball, and there are several people standing around her, some of them holding cameras. In the background, there are boards with words written on them.
0093.png : The image shows a little girl standing on top of a baseball field next to a crowd of people, some of whom are holding cameras. She is wearing a blue dress and a cap, and there is a ball on the ground. In the background, there are boards with something written on them, suggesting that the girl is playing a game of baseball.
0094.png : The image shows a baseball player standing on top of a field next to a crowd of people, some of whom are holding cameras. In the background, there are boards with text, and at the bottom of the image there is text that reads "Tampa Bay Rays vs San Diego Padres".
0095.png : The image shows a baseball player standing on top of a field next to a crowd of people, some of whom are holding cameras. The player is wearing a blue t-shirt and a cap, and there is a ball on the ground. In the background, there are boards with the words "Silver Stars vs Sun" written on them, indicating that this is a game between the two teams.
0096.png : The image shows a baseball player standing on top of a field next to a crowd of people, some of whom are holding cameras. The player is wearing a blue t-shirt and a cap, and there is a ball on the ground. In the background, there are boards with the words "Silver Stars vs Sun" written on them, indicating that this is a game between the two teams.
0097.png : The image shows a group of people standing on top of a baseball field, with some of them holding cameras. In the background, there are boards with text, and the ground is covered in grass. At the bottom of the image, there is text that reads "Silver Stars vs Sun".
0098.png : The image shows a group of people standing on top of a baseball field, with some of them holding cameras. In the background, there are boards with text, and the ground is covered in grass. At the bottom of the image, there is text that reads "Silver Stars vs Sun".
0099.png : The image shows a group of people standing on top of a baseball field, with some of them holding cameras. In the background, there are boards with text, and the ground is covered in grass. At the bottom of the image, there is text that reads "Silver Stars vs Sun".
0100.png : The image shows a baseball player running to first base during a game, with a group of people standing on the ground and a few people holding cameras in their hands. In the background, there are a few more people standing and some people sitting, and at the bottom of the image there is some text. The player is wearing a blue t-shirt and a cap, and appears to be running towards home plate.
0101.png : The image shows a baseball player running to first base during a game, with a group of people standing on the ground and a few people holding cameras in their hands. In the background, there are boards with text on them, and at the bottom of the image there is some text. The player appears to be running towards home plate, as if they are about to throw the ball.
0102.png : The image shows a baseball player throwing a ball on top of a field, surrounded by a group of people standing on the ground. On the left side of the image, a person is holding a camera, and in the background there are people standing and sitting on chairs, as well as hoardings.
0103.png : The image shows a baseball player running to first base during a game, with a group of people standing on the ground and a few people holding cameras in their hands. In the background, there are a few more people standing, and at the bottom of the image there is some text which reads "Sparks vs Mercury".
0104.png : The image shows a baseball player throwing a ball on top of a field, surrounded by a group of people standing on the ground. On the left side of the image, a person is holding a camera, and in the background there are some people standing and some people sitting on chairs. At the bottom of the picture, there is some text which reads "Sparks vs Mercury".
0105.png : The image shows a baseball player running towards home plate during a game, with a group of people standing on the ground and a few people holding cameras in their hands. In the background, there are a few more people standing, and at the bottom of the image there is some text.
0106.png : The image shows a baseball player running towards home plate during a game. The player is wearing a blue t-shirt and white pants, and is holding a ball in their hand. Behind them, a group of people are standing and watching the game, some of them holding cameras.
0107.png : The image shows a baseball player throwing a ball on top of a field, surrounded by a group of people standing on the ground. On the left side of the image, a person is holding a camera, capturing the moment of the game.
0108.png : The image shows a baseball player sliding into home plate during a game, with a group of people standing in the background. On the left side of the image, a man is standing and holding a camera, capturing the moment.
0109.png : The image shows a baseball player throwing a ball on top of a field, with a person wearing a cap and holding a camera on the left side of the image. In the background, there are a few people standing and some people sitting, and at the bottom of the screen there is some text which reads "Sparks vs Mercury".
0110.png : The image shows a baseball player running towards home plate during a game, with a person standing on the left side of the image holding a camera. In the background, there are a few people standing and some people sitting, and at the bottom of the picture there is some text which reads "Sparks vs Mercury".
0111.png : The image shows a baseball player standing on top of a field next to another player, both wearing blue t-shirts and white pants. The player on the left is holding a camera in his hand, while the other player is standing on the ground. In the background, there are a few people standing and some people sitting, suggesting that the two players are in the middle of a game.
0112.png : The image shows a baseball player standing on top of a field next to a little boy. The boy is wearing a blue t-shirt and a cap, and is holding a glove in his hand. In the background, there are a few people standing and a few sitting, and at the bottom of the image there is some text.
0113.png : The image shows a baseball player standing on top of a field next to another player, both wearing blue t-shirts and caps. In the background, there are a few people standing and one person walking on the right side of the image.
